♪ I see it clear ♪
♪ The stairway reaching
up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We're changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know
if this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't
never gonna stop ♪
♪ Until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ But we are stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, unh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear ♪
♪ The stairway reaching
up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise 'till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
[ Eagle screeches ]
Rachel:
Bam, try to imagine it.
Pretend those heavy-looking
boulders aren't there,
and the sky opens up.
Mm-hmm.
Finally, there's nothing
blocking our view,
and we can see
for the first time.
All of them are twinkling up
there in the night sky.
They're the stars
you wanted to see.
Yes.
It's truly beautiful.
♪♪
Real night.
Rachel,
don't go.
Rachel:
Bam was a very lonely boy.
He knew
I was climbing the tower.
He was crying
and asked me not to go.
But I had to abandon him.
I was certain that
we'd never meet again.
You can skip
the introduction.
Just tell me
what you want from me.
Don't tell Bam about me.
You want me to
lie to him?
Say you're not Rachel?
Yes.
You know Bam wants to
be with you, right?
We can't be together.
I don't get it.
Then how come you didn't
try to take the crown
during the crown game?
That's the problem.
Huh?
If we're together, then we'll
become each other's weakness.
And that's dangerous.
Please understand.
It's what's best
for both of us.
♪♪
You mean you.
It's what's best for you.
[ Door closes ]
Hmm?
Huh?
Rak: I-I'm not worried about
the black turtle or anything!
Get in here.
♪♪
[ Door closes ]
Shibisu:
It won't listen to you, huh?
No. Apparently it won't even
speak with women.
I'm not exactly sure how to
talk with a weapon.
Here goes.
I'll convince it to --
[ Groans ]
Why are you mad?
You said that you would
speak with a man.
Black March:
Only a handsome man.
That's so rude!
Hold on a second.
You already have
the Green April.
Is there a reason that you're
collecting all these weapons?
Yes, there is, but do you really
think I'd let you in on that?
Your self-indulgence
is almost refreshing.
Endorsi: Do you have any idea
who the owner
of that sword
you're carrying is?
Hm?
I'm not interested.
Yuri Jahad.
A Princess of Jahad chosen
during the past 500 years.
She's the only
genius Fisherman
granted one of
the 13 Month Series.
So you shouldn't
forget your place,
otherwise
you'll wind up dead,
you impostor.
Consider yourself warned.
It's gone! The chocolate bar
that was here is gone!
[ Thinking ] I know all about
self-indulgent women.
Someone ate
my chocolate!
I'm sorry, Bam.
I don't want you
anywhere near her.
Not if I can help it.
[ Growls ] Maybe I'll eat
this turtle instead.
You,
wake up already.
[ Munching ]
You're finally awake.
Great.
Hey, Khun.
You know, you've been asleep
for five days.
Huh?
And the next test actually
started yesterday.
But, Khun, is --
Don't worry.
You haven't been disqualified.
What I meant --
Just relax.
You're really quite lucky.
Lero-Ro: The fourth test
will be conducted
after you are assigned
positions.
We're getting
assigned positions?
Battles fought in the tower
are team battles.
Your position is
the specific role
that you will take on
during those battles.
There are
five basic positions.
The Fisherman --
They fight within close quarters
always at the heart
of the battle.
The Spear Bearer --
They control and kill their
enemies from a distance.
The Light Bearer --
They illuminate the dark tower
with their Lighthouse,
as well as gather
and distribute information
about any given situation.
The Scout --
They investigate their enemies'
movements on the front lines
and assist the Fisherman.
Finally,
the Wave Controller --
They are the directors
of the battle.
They provide support
and control in combat
whenever Shinsu is used.
You will all be studying
the unique position that you are
assigned here today.
Depending on your performance,
several of you may be chosen
to fulfill those positions
later.
Khun: Excuse me.
Yes, Khun,
what is it?
What about those guys who are
injured right now?
Are they disqualified?
They are responsible
for their own injuries.
What about
the black turtle?
Yes, Bam's position
will be Wave Controller.
Huh?
But since the arrival of
our Wave Controller instructor,
Yuga, has been delayed,
their training won't begin
for another two more days.
Huh?!
It's perfect. Your training
will start tomorrow.
Man, you're really lucky.
Y-Yeah. But what about --
Oh, right.
You're probably wondering about
that girl, huh?
She's just fine.
She wasn't
seriously injured.
I'm glad.
But apparently she's not
the girl you think she is.
Huh?
I asked her about it.
She said she has
no idea who you are.
You mistook her
for someone else.
I did?
No need to worry about it.
If you keep
climbing the tower,
you'll run into her
eventually.
But more importantly,
I bought you this.
The clothes that
you were wearing before
got covered in blood.
Hey, where's my gift.
The next time
I go into a pet shop,
I'll buy you
a custom collar.
Huh?!
I'll bite you in half!
Bring it on, fat head!
My people love big heads!
Bam: Rachel...
[ Thinking ]
At least tell me why.
♪♪
Why can't I be at your side?
Are you really that desperate
to see the stars?
♪♪
Khun: [ Thinking ] I don't want
what happened to me
to happen to him.
For that reason,
I'll lie as many times
as I need to.
♪♪
Khun: Suppose she actually is
the girl you're looking for.
Huh?
Suppose it means that
she doesn't want to have
any contact with you.
-Not now.
-Toss!
Not how?
[ Grunting ]
If that's the case,
then isn't your
only option to get stronger
so that she will want to
climb the tower with you?
He's right.
Get stronger,
turtle.
And then you can
fight me.
You should keep
training hard.
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
Yuga: As its name suggests,
Shinsu is a mysterious substance
with the power to control
all things, like a god.
So in order to use more than
a fixed amount of Shinsu,
you must make sure that you
form a contract on each floor.
Lauroe,
it seems you already
formed a contract
while you were asleep.
Seriously?
The rest of you haven't
formed contracts yet,
so please make your Pockets
visible and close your eyes.
Visible mode.
♪♪
Now speak the command,
"Form contract
with Guardian."
Form contract
with Guardian.
Guardian: Hello, kid.
You smell rather appealing.
♪♪
You want to
form a contract with me?
Y-Yes.
Very well.
But remember this.
For you,
this isn't a contract.
It's a shackle.
[ Panting ]
Yuga: Forming the contract
has exhausted
more of your stamina
than expected.
You need to rest
and prepare for tomorrow.
♪♪
Bam: Excuse me.
I'm sorry.
It's my fault
your eye is injured.
There's no need to apologize.
You were injured as well.
I am really looking forward to
starting training
with you tomorrow,
Bam.
Oh, uh...
Sorry,
I never introduced myself.
My name is Hoh.
And this is my teammate,
Lauroe.
[ Yawns ]
Wow, you just formed a contract,
and you seem totally fine.
Yeah.
I've been training a bit.
That's amazing.
Let me know if
you need any help.
After all,
friends help each other, right?
Sure.
[ Thinking ]
I don't think I can beat them.
Friends help each other?
What's wrong with that?
I was just extending
a helping hand to the weak.
You were helping the weak, huh?
♪♪
[ Panting ]
Class was so boring.
By the way,
where's Rak?
Oh...
Apparently for
the Spear Bearer test,
the only thing you had to do
in order to pass
was hit a target
that was really far away.
♪♪
[ Growling ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
"I'm returning
to the wild."
"Farewell, turtle."
After saying that,
he just took off.
He's so excited
about all this.
Of course he is.
We're doing it
to climb the tower.
Then I'm gonna train hard,
too.
At least until
I can talk to Rachel.
[ Chiming ]
Uh, hey, there.
We have a request
for you guys.
Request?
♪♪
[ Panting ]
I'll have the large
lunch special, no meat.
Got it.
They're making us pay using
the points we've earned?
Well, then you'd think
I'd get to eat whatever I want.
Shibisu: I promise
I'll buy you lunch tomorrow.
Better not break
your promise.
Geez, Lauroe, it only took
one meal to bribe you?
Hm.
Here's your
large lunch special.
Shibisu:
You guys are so intolerant.
You should be
more like Bam here, huh?
Shibisu,
your stubble is prickly.
Endorsi: Hey,
is this seat taken?
[ Thinking ]
What is it with these two?
They're enemies, but they're
being so nice to each other.
O-Of course, uh...
I'm Endorsi.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
Have a seat.
Hey, hag, scoot down
and make some room, will you?
You're such a lecherous creep.
So gross.
Now, now. Why don't we all
try to get along?
So, what were
you guys talking about?
Our positions.
For the Scout test,
you have to make
a ton of friends.
That's all you have to do?
Mm-hmm.
[ Chuckles ]
Bam: You have to make nine
new friends in one week?
Uh, yeah, we do.
And it's gonna be really hard.
Hold on.
Where do you guys get off
thinking you can ask us
for a favor?
Huh?
Your teammate is the one who
stole the Black March from Bam.
Don't worry about that,
Khun.
It's true her actions violated
the warrior's code.
Ultimately, we ended up
cutting ties with Anaak
and dissolving our team.
Actually, she was the one
who cut ties first.
So, Mr. Warrior's Code,
you want us to be friends
with someone who'd abandon
a former ally?
Did I get that right?
That's exactly right,
Mr. Ugly Earrings.
Ugly?
That's the last thing
I'd say if I were you.
Wouldn't you agree?
Wait, Khun, calm down.
Letting things dangle
from your ears
doesn't make you
any less ugly.
What?!
Hatz, stop!
Do you know how many people
have brushed us off
because of your
crazy-rude behavior?
Stop insulting me
and my ears.
Stand up and be a man.
Let's take this outside.
Ohh, we're never going to
complete this assignment.
Bam: Let's just be
their friends, Khun.
But Bam --
I was really happy when you
asked me to be an ally
during that first test.
It made my life
so much better.
I didn't really have anything
before then.
[ Sighs ]
Fine.
Yes! Thanks, Bam
and Mr. Ugly Earrings!
Shut up.
Endorsi: Oh. So that's why
these two are friends,
even though technically speaking
they hate each other.
Well, they say the closer
you are, the more you fight.
You idiot!You idiot!
See? Totally in sync.
[ Chuckles ]
I know.
How about if you were to
become friends with them,
too, Endorsi?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, well,
I wouldn't exactly mind
getting closer to
this handsome one.
That'd be great!
But Mr. Number One
Handsome Heart
is right here
in front of you.
Sorry,
but I really can't.
My family
is forbidden to love.
But I was only talking about
friendship.
I don't believe men and women
can really be friends.
Oh.
Anaak: Hey.
What are you doing over there?
[ Sighs ]
You're out socializing
with this lot?
My, how the Princess of Jahad
has fallen.
Wait, what?!
Did you say
Princess of Jahad?!
So now there are two princesses
in our testing area?
Everyone is subject to
the same rules, though.
Why so chatty?
Anaak:
Stare all you want.
There is nothing that will ever
make me return the Black March.
It's not that. I'm the one
who accepted your bet.
I'll say sorry to Yuri
when I see her.
I'm not really sure
she'll forgive me, though.
Don't just stand there.
Why don't you take a seat?
Hey, wait a minute.
If you're both princesses,
that must mean
that the two of you
are Yuri's sisters?
Endorsi: No, we're not really
her sisters.
Huh.
The Princesses of Jahad
are specifically recruited
to represent certain tribes
and families.
That's right.
All of us princesses are
sort of like brand-name shoes
that are put on display
in Jahad's showcase.
Yeah, I kind of get that,
but I kind of don't.
Lauroe: They're a difficult
group of women.
Shibisu: Uh, Lauroe...
It's annoying,
but that's accurate.
[ Yawns ]
And there's another
difficult woman.
Today
we'll be playing a game.
The rules are simple.
You will knock each other off
until there's only eight of you
remaining.
You may only use the needles
that were distributed to you.
Your performance in the game
will be reflected in your grade.
Hey, won't we die
if we fall from way up here?
Is there some kind of
safety system in place?
Yes, enough to prevent you
from dying.
So we could still get injuries,
but we won't die.
The rules state
you're responsible
for your own injuries.
[ Chuckles ]
Let the game begin.
Endorsi: [ Thinking ]
They all seem scared.
Of course they are.
We're pretty high up.
Maybe I'll knock off a few
Regulars to score some points.
Huh?
Oh, great.
♪♪
What's wrong?
Is that brain of yours
reptilian, too?
Shut up,
horned woman!
♪♪
You're challenging
a real Princess of Jahad
when you're not even wielding
the Green April?
"Real princess"?
There's no such thing as
a real Princess of Jahad.
We are all impostors.
Man: Next, let us take a look
at the Regulars
who are currently being tested.
This is boring.
Is this a computer class
for senior citizens?
Huh?
That guy...
♪♪
Yeah!
He passed.
Not bad.
There's not very much
information here on that girl
or on Bam.
Actually, it's rather strange
how little information there is.
I did it.
Huh?
Khun:
How about that other girl?
Anaak Jahad...
Huh?
There's your handicap.
Get back here!
After becoming a Ranker,
she was selected
to become a princess
and granted
the Green April?
They're coming!
[ Screams ]
This can't be right.
[ Gasps ]
[ Laughs ]
It looks like she's in
the middle of taking a test
in order to climb the tower
right now.
[ Screams ]
♪♪
But she's already dead.
I throw men away
after toying with them.
I'm such a wicked woman.
You bitch!
Stop messing around here!
♪♪
[ Screams ]
And now there's only
nine left.
Are you going to keep on running
until there's eight?
Why don't you come back when you
have the Green April.
Right now,
you're no match for --
[ Growling ]
[ Thinking ] She enhanced
herself using Shinsu?
[ Grunts ]
Looks like
I am a match for you.
Take this!
[ Gasps ]
I wouldn't scratch this face
if I were you.
It's a national treasure!
♪♪
I knew it.
I knew it all along.
You're Anaak's orphan.
Impostor.
♪♪
Since the moment I saw you
during the crown game,
there's something
I've wanted to confirm.
It's the reason
I abandoned the game.
I guess someone also
convinced me to.
So...
Why did she choose the path
of misfortune,
my niece?
♪♪
Anaak: Liar!
You lied to me!
You promised me
a life of happiness and comfort!
Oh, hi.
You found
a pretty jewel, huh?
[ Giggles ]
My little princess.
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Mom was very happy.
She married a man
who could cook
and made the most delicious
chicken pies in the world.
♪♪
Her only regret was that
the chef famous for his
chicken pies was killed...
by her sisters,
known as princesses.
♪♪
There's only one reason
that I came to the tower.
To kill everyone who
carries the name Jahad
and to exact my revenge.
And you're first,
Endorsi!